README.md, before:

![Victor](./artwork/logo.png)
=============================

![GitHub Workflow Status (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/a-robu/victor/Node.js%20CI/master)

# Fork Notes

Note that this is a fork of [github.com/maxkueng/victor](https://github.com/maxkueng/victor).
It is not kept in sync with the main [documentation website](http://victorjs.org/) and
some URLs/references may be contradictory.

Currently, there are no new features in this fork.

# Installing & Using

```bash
npm install @a-robu/victor --save
```

```javascript
const Victor = require('victor');
let vec = new Victor(42, 1337);
```

# Developing

```bash
npm test
```

# Contributors To `maxkueng/victor`

Ordered by date of first contribution. [Auto-generated](https://github.com/dtrejo/node-authors) on Mon, 31 Aug 2015 13:08:12 GMT.

- [Max Kueng](https://github.com/maxkueng) aka `maxkueng`
- [George Crabtree](https://github.com/supercrabtree) aka `supercrabtree`
- [Michel.Ypma](https://github.com/MichelYpma) aka `MichelYpma`
- [Chris Pearce](https://github.com/Chrisui) aka `Chrisui`
- [Beau Gunderson](https://github.com/beaugunderson) aka `beaugunderson`
- [René Bischoff](https://github.com/Fjandin) aka `Fjandin`
- [Chris Ertel](https://github.com/chrisrertel) aka `chrisrertel`
- [Heikki Ylönen](https://github.com/heikki) aka `heikki`
- [Joonas Salmela](https://github.com/undefined) aka `undefined`
- [Moritz Rebbert](https://github.com/ztiromoritz) aka `ztiromoritz`

# License

MIT

Commit message:

add refs to documentation in readme
- explain that this is a fork
- mention changelog
- point to up-to-date documentation website

README.md, after:

![Victor](./artwork/logo.png)
=============================

![GitHub Workflow Status (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/a-robu/victor/Node.js%20CI/master)

# Fork Notes

This repository is a fork of [github.com/maxkueng/victor](https://github.com/maxkueng/victor). The documentation of the original project is hosted at http://victorjs.org/, while the documentation of this fork (which is slightly different from the original) is hosted at https://a-robu.github.io/victor/.

This fork clarifies some points in the documentation and adds one function. Slighly more information is available in the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG).

# Installing & Using

```bash
npm install @a-robu/victor --save
```

```javascript
const Victor = require('victor');
let vec = new Victor(42, 1337);
```

For more examples, see the documentation at https://a-robu.github.io/victor/.

# Developing

```bash
npm test
```

# Contributors To `maxkueng/victor`

Ordered by date of first contribution. [Auto-generated](https://github.com/dtrejo/node-authors) on Mon, 31 Aug 2015 13:08:12 GMT.

- [Max Kueng](https://github.com/maxkueng) aka `maxkueng`
- [George Crabtree](https://github.com/supercrabtree) aka `supercrabtree`
- [Michel.Ypma](https://github.com/MichelYpma) aka `MichelYpma`
- [Chris Pearce](https://github.com/Chrisui) aka `Chrisui`
- [Beau Gunderson](https://github.com/beaugunderson) aka `beaugunderson`
- [René Bischoff](https://github.com/Fjandin) aka `Fjandin`
- [Chris Ertel](https://github.com/chrisrertel) aka `chrisrertel`
- [Heikki Ylönen](https://github.com/heikki) aka `heikki`
- [Joonas Salmela](https://github.com/undefined) aka `undefined`
- [Moritz Rebbert](https://github.com/ztiromoritz) aka `ztiromoritz`

# License

MIT
